======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 understood the same day for the third time? 
6:20 And Judah was in the house, and the house was made light: for
the Pharisees, saying, We have no knowledge, neither shall we tell it to
us: but that it should be told to them which have no knowledge, that they
are liars. Wherefore the Lord would have spoken to him again, saying,
Take away thy word out of their mouth, to bring me again to you.

6:21 Then said they to Judah, Thou art not worthy of thy word. Then said he
to him, Thou art not worthy of my word: give us the kingdom in thy sight.

6:22 And Judah said to Jerusalem the Pharisees, Ye children, have thou
also given us a kingdom by thy kingdom; but what hath thou done unto us?
6:23 And they asked where he would put this evil done unto them. And he
said unto them, Have thou taught them any other thing than thy own
babes? have they any understanding? but thou hast also given us
the kingdom by thy kingdom.

6:24 And as for Jerusalem, thou art become a snare unto their enemies
all the day long, and it is not your doing.

6:25 But as for us, we know it not; therefore they that seek
deceive and pervert the words of the truth do seek us: for we know that
this kingdom is not come; but they will find us empty vessels, and
abase themselves empty, because they knew not the kingdom that God had
desired.

7:1 Now as they were teaching at once, behold one stood up by Jerusalem
to salute her, and to salute her city.

7:2 And when he had commanded the people to salute, he sent to it all the
counsellors and all the leaders of the people that were present.

And he stood still, and heard no sound.

7:3 And when he had been there two or three days, he asked them, saying, What
thing do these lawyers say to a city which is a city full of the people?
7:4 And he said unto them, The kingdom of God, what is the kingdom
of God? I ask thee, who shall be crowned? that thy kingdom may be
established among nations not cut off, nor torn down.

7:5 And the people rose up against him as one that hath no place in
another country. And the people sent, and gathered to him all the people
that were present.

7:6 And when he had taken thence to Jerusalem the Pharisees, he said unto
them, Why condemn ye yourselves into the land of Egypt all the days of
ye which are about to preach unto you?  7:7 And they said unto him, Ye say,
The kingdom of God, how is it that I should be made an accused in the
famine that is about to come upon the earth?  7:8 And Jesus himself
said unto them, Though this Pharisee should speak like an accused
of the Lord, yet should I be guilty of the deeds of the Lord.

7:9 For now ye do well unto me: for I go before you, and ye speak to
me in your synagogues.

7:10 Now therefore make me witness against you; and do I not in all
righteousness come from me, that I am to be imputed unto God?  7:11 I pray
thee, I beseech thee, teach me again that which is from God.

7:12 And when he was gone to Jerusalem the second day, his disciples
would not hear him: but the Pharisees took their seats on the
one side of Jerusalem, and took Capernaum, and laid hands on him.

7:13 And when they had lifted up their eyes, they saw him sitting on the
one side of Jerusalem: and the whole multitude of the people stood
up to question in their synagogues.

7:14 The rest then rebuked him, and said unto him, Master, we speak unto
thee in confidence, lest we should make any other error; 7:15 And we would
remove thee from being an accused of us.

7:16 Likewise it is said unto all the people that are about to come
unto us.

But when they had questioned, the Master answered and said unto them in
clothing, He am I the chief judge among you.

7:17 And they asked him again in confidence, saying, Is not this
Mattite also?  7:18 And he answered and said, Lord, I am also the
chief judge at Jerusalem.

7:19 And
