======== SAMPLE 1 ========
bid.

3:4 But the children of Israel have
abide.

3:5 For a man is the shadow of my father; but the shadow of his
mother; and Israel is dead.

3:6 Therefore the children of Israel have not a spot of blood.

3:7 But I am the LORD, the God of their fathers, and he is their God
and captain of heaven and earth.

3:8 For I have made my covenant with the children of Israel; I have
abide in the covenant; I have called upon the children of Israel to seek the
father.

3:9 I have ordained that the king should rule over all the children of Israel;
that there should be no one inferior to him.

3:10 I have given him power over the children; my throne is my
power.

3:11 I have given him authority over the children; my throne is my kingdom.

3:12 The kings and the kings' cities that have been in the land
shall come to rule: and I will rule over the children of Israel
until they go after the LORD their God.

3:13 For the children of Israel shall be in the land; for they are
not inferior to the remnant of my people.

3:14 They shall be in the land: but the children of Israel are
in the land.

3:15 They shall be of a people like the children of Israel; they shall
eat and clothe their unclean meats in the house of the LORD;
and they shall be for their money: but it shall be no more: they
shall be for their money for life.

3:16 For I have given power over the children; I have spoken for a
people; I have put an end to their affliction; and I have
led them out of the land.

3:17 It was I that made the land; and my hand hath been in
the land.

3:18 It was the LORD that smote the people: but that the
LORD had mercy for them.

3:19 And it came to pass in the beginning of their days; that the evil
gods
suspected the children of Israel, and said, Go and search: and they smote
them.

3:20 Then went they away into the wilderness, and smote not; but the
children of Israel returned.

3:21 Now this is the way, saith the LORD, unto the children of men:
there is a great sin among all that sin, that we are made
unto do evil; and the children of Israel are not the children of
men.

3:22 This is the way that God made all things, saith the LORD.

3:23 All things are in the field, saith the Lord; that the children of
Israel shall not serve a fool, saith the LORD.

3:24 For there is a great sin among the children that seeketh
the father, and it is called darkness in the land.

3:25 And it was I that made the hills; and my house was
in the hills; but the children of Israel went astray, and they
aborted the children, and turned out the children from the house of the
LORD.

3:26 Nevertheless it came to pass in the days of this famine, that
the famine was turned about the children.

3:27 And they returned unto the land: the children of Israel
rejected all the evil in them, and forsook their
children.

3:28 Now this is the day: and the children of Israel, which are
of a generation like their own, are turned: for they seek a son
at the hand of the LORD, and have not found an heir.

3:29 They seek a son, and he is not found; they have a son
therewith by the hand of the LORD: and they give him to his father
that is a great prince:

3:30 And the children of Israel, whose fathers are come in
from the land, have become the second generation of their fathers.

3:31 For all evil is in the children of Israel: they are in the
land, saith the LORD.

4:1 For the children of Israel are evil, according to the word
of the LORD; in every way evil is.

4:2 Therefore the children of Israel, whom God have not made,
seek not a wife in their youth: but all the mischiefs of the
children of Israel, by their own doing, is in the land.

4:3 Thus is the day when they shall seek; to seek a son or

