======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 his sons, to
receive the holy, from whom, Obey the Lord your God, ye see
in the midst of them my father, and I: 1:10 Forasmuch as ye saw I through
the mouth; but I spake unto you, and not unto your father; 1:11 And that
ye may know that I spake unto you by the same mouth; and you saw
ye through the mouth; but ye did not.

1:12 So now is he the son of David, and the son of David his father, and
the brother of David his father.

1:13 These are the sons of Jeroboam his son, and Judas his brother, and
the son of Jedod his brother, 1:14 The sons of Jedod his brother; and
the sons of Jokishth his brother, the sons of Jedod his brother;
1:15 The sons of the sons of Jokishth his brother; and the sons of
Jeki his brother, the sons of Jedod his brother.

1:16 The sons of the sons of Jedod, these are the sons of Jedod the son
of Reuben; 1:17 The sons of Jedod, these are the sons of Jedod the son
of Jehoiakim, the sons of Simeon, from the top of Reuben, and from the
bottom of Jehoiakim.

1:18 The sons of the sons of Jedod, these are the sons of Jedod the son
of Jerubbaal, the sons of Simeon; 1:19 The sons of Jedod, and the
children of Edom, the sons of Jedod of Gilead, the sons of Joppa,
the sons of Zadok; 1:20 The sons of Jedod, and the children of
Jedod, the sons of Joppa, the sons of Jokishth, the sons of
Jeki; 1:21 These are my father's sons.

2:1 And the children of Israel worshipped them in the presence of the
king of the house of Israel, as they sat with the children of Israel.

2:2 And the son of Saul gathered them together, and said, This generation
the LORD hath heard of this generation, and hath rejected him, and hath
glorified him; 2:3 What hath he done among his brethren? hath he done
iniquity with these children? and have he destroyed this generation his
brother, whose name is Samuel? 3:1 And I saw the LORD sitting on high,
witnessing all his mighty works, as he did in Jerusalem, and on the
high mountain, and in the midst of the house of Israel: but I heard him not.

3:2 And I saw him not, and he saw a vision in the midst of the
house of Israel, and the vision of the house of the people of
Judaea, and the vision of the high mountain.

3:3 And I saw the LORD sitting on high among his mighty works with his
hands, seeing all that he gave Israel for a people, and all that he
did in Jerusalem.

3:4 And I saw in the midst of the high mountain, beside Jordan, a vision
in heaven. And when the vision was past, I heard the noise of the
LORD, and said, How long shall the people sleep?  3:5 Then I heard
the voice of the LORD, which said, How long shall the people sleep? And I
went out with my people unto the wilderness.

3:6 And I walked not far from Jordan; but I sought it by all my
strength; because the people were weary in their journey unto Judah and
Solon; I knew that I should not go up to the land of Israel, nor go
to any place.

3:7 And when I was gone, I saw a vision in the midst of my heart,
wherefore did I behold in the midst of the house of Israel? When, I
saw, and I knew at that time, I knew the LORD not, but to this day.

3:8 And I remembered the voice as it was written unto me in the wilderness of
Judaea, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, As the man that spake,
thou shalt not be made desolate; the man that is far from thee, in whose
hand thou shalt not be cut off: 3:9 But when thou hast called unto my name
Judah, and hast told them all the words of me, and am gone up into a
covenant with the LORD of hosts, when thou hast called unto the
name of my God; 3:10 Then shalt thou turn away all the wind unto the wind
