======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, the man that is chosen, he shall be
appointed prophet of the Gentiles.

7:12 He shall also command his sons of men among the Gentiles, the
prophets, and ye; and the elders, and the officers, and the judges,
and all the chief officers, with wisdom and hard hearing, and with an
excellent judgment: seven days shall his prophets stand in the office of
God for the remission of sins.

7:13 And if he shall not shew the truth of the covenant of the
Lord Jesus Christ by them that swear by him, he shall suffer the
fountain of hell, from which they seek to destroy the name of God.

7:14 And he shall come unto them, and they shall say unto him, We have
thou made known to thee: for thou hast heard the word of our God,
saying, Because thou hast accepted my profession, I am become a
prophet unto you.

7:15 And, if he will not shew the truth, shall God let him fall
down, that thou mayest fear the truth?  7:16 And if thou wilt be a
prophet, and not a prophet; 7:17 And not a man of God, thou mayest
not be able to bring a man to his own grave.

7:18 And they said unto him, This is a matter of necessity, that thou
mayest be anointed to minister to God.

7:19 Thou also, being altogether more mighty than thou; therefore more
strong is he that shall be ordained of God.

7:20 But if thou shalt not shew the truth, then shalt thou also be blind,
and as yet thou shalt not see.

7:21 Thou also, being a prophet, thou shalt not be able to put thee in
correction: though the prophets of heaven shall prophesy miracles,
therefore behold them not.

7:22 But the same Lord hath commanded him, saying, Speak, thou, and the
prophets which thou hast sent, to every city in which thou art in the
field to observe these things: 7:23 So that thou mayest keep these
words in these matters, that I may serve and be in remembrance.

7:24 For when thou shalt say these things unto me, I will answer thee,
and make thee a prophet, because that is my profession that I have
accepted.

7:25 For I have seen thee, and judged thee according to thy word, both to
thyself and to thy seed.

7:26 But now I know thy works; but what I have heard of thee is not
right, nor correct.

8:1 All my heart was changed, because of him that loved me, as a man
that hath been lost in time past.

8:2 For God hath not forsaken the wicked: therefore he hath hearkened
unto him that loved him, and hath given his own son to be the he
that toucheth his brother.

8:3 This hath brought me into affliction, that I should not
see.

8:4 For they that are left are a prey unto me of all men, and have
no strength: they are in a perpetual sleep, and they are become
an abomination to the Gentiles because they have not received the
LORD God of truth.

8:5 Therefore, behold, I will hearken unto all this evil, as one
that is about to do good; to put away this evil, as one having his
heart and his flesh.

8:6 For one that is left of me, that I may rest at my habitation to
my salvation, is like a man, without understanding, where the spirit
is.

8:7 This same will I do whether I shall receive the kingdom of God, or
none else.

8:8 And again I will perform all evil that he saith against me: that
I should not be found out of my house; as in the day of death, and as
the hour that is appointed, when the morning is come.

8:9 This is the heart of a man that hath been lost in time past.

8:10 For he is a man that hath not known his Maker, and hath not known the
LORD.

8:11 Be not in the spirit, that ye may make iniquities, and do good;
because ye have not known the love of God.

8:12 Ye have not known, as the fruit of the land, any good thing in
the sight of God: yea, yea, yea; yea, nay, nay; nay, nay
