======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 also that the glory thereof is for ever for Israel, and for the inheritance of the sons of Jacob, and for them to pass through unto the
generation of the children of Israel; and it may be well with God, and for
ever.

5:4 And it came to pass in these last days, as the morning was past
and the sun was setting, that the house of Israel, even the house of God in
Jerusalem, and all the people over them, and all the princes of the kings
of Judah and Benjamin, came out together.

5:5 And it was done, when the morning came, that every beast that were
within the walls and against the wall, and all the beasts that were by the
wall, and all the living that were upon the grassy plain, and all the
living that were upon the rocks, had their flesh cut off, and died: therefore
our king made a decree, and gave his portion to the children of Israel
before the morning began; and they slew all the beasts of the field, and
all the living, and all the beasts that were by the wall, and also all the
living, and all the beasts that were by the wall, and also all the living
that were by the wall, and all the living that were by the wall, and all
all the living that were by the wall, he gave it to the Levites, and to every
city upon the face of the earth, as Moses required for all the land
that was made by their hands, for an inheritance to the children of Israel
before the morning began, and that Moses had given the Levites, to
the Levites was due thing; and after that the children that were
of the children of Israel and the Levites, were born: but the Israelites
thereof, and all the inhabitants of the cities which Moses had given, went
unto fight against the children of Israel against the people, and
against their land, to the destruction of their lives, and to the iniquity
of their kings, and of their cities, saith the LORD.

5:6 And the remnant of the Levites were slain therewith, and the remnant
of the Israelites were slain therewith at the battle, and the remnant
of Israel was made for an inheritance to the children of Israel.

5:7 And God turned the children of Israel into the remnant of the people,
which were slain, and the remnant of Israel became all nations, and their
countenance was great in Israel until this day. Thus was God ordained.

6:1 And he said unto Moses, The LORD God of Israel hath called for me,
that my remnant might know that which he had commanded me. And he
said, Wherefore have I need of Israel?  6:2 And Moses said unto God,
Moses is a man of great integrity, and a king, and God's servant, and
the prophet of Israel, and he is God, and God to save all Israel, and to
make them to dwell in safety, and to be the kings of the children of Israel.

And Moses said, This is the word which thou Godshachak should do unto this
day; to drive out thy people from after the way, that they might serve
me.

6:3 Now for a statute concerning the Levites the LORD put a statute.
And the Levites, that are made under the oversight of the LORD,
that bear their meat in their hands, and feed themselves, and eat, and
drink, and drink, and go their separate ways: and their king rule is
come among the children of Israel.

6:4 And God caused them to be over all their land, and to rule over
all them, that they might inherit every of them. This is God's punishment for
every one of them that dwell in the land.

6:5 And Moses spake to God, that the kings of the children of Israel, and
the princes of the kings of Judah and Benjamin, might speak unto this
day all this thing concerning the Levites, concerning their inheritance
even unto this day.

6:6 And God sent it unto Moses, Who said to God, Ye shall take all the
Levites that remain under the oversight of the LORD, and kill them:
but ye shall save them, and save the land that ye possess, and the land
of your inheritance, and the land of the children of your fathers in this
day; whom the LORD hath raised from their dead, and hath given unto his
beast unto this day, and unto their inheritance: from it shall ye have this
thing unto this day.

6:7 Thus Moses was about to speak. And God said, Surely not
these Israel.

6:
