======== SAMPLE 1 ========
escalt thou, and make it
brawling, and make evil, and make idols, and take away iniquity.

9:9 But God hath mercy upon the wicked, and upon the froward; yea, it
is better for them that live to dwell in Babylon than for me: 9:10
Therefore say; Come, and let me see, to be in a good spirit; then I
will come in peace, that will believe: I will go into the city, and
there I will find peace.

9:11 And he shall see to it, that the righteous shall not turn back,
that shall give his soul to a viper; 9:12 But the wicked shall
return to their own destruction, and to their own ruin; and to
mine, as in a desert wilderness, and as in a far desert.

9:13 Neither shall the wicked deliver up himself before God: but
he shall return into the land of his enemies, and into the land
of his enemies, till all be desolate.

9:14 But the wicked which dwell in a wilderness shall yield nothing,
because of the evil of the wicked.

9:15 If they that are ready in the door shall hear, and if they that
open at the door wait, then they that do the work are ready in the door
of the righteous.

9:16 And their cause is not as that which proceedeth from a fountain:
but the righteous rise up, and goeth forth, and all his enemies fall by
me.

9:17 But they that rise up against the evil wicked have not the righteous
that rise up; but he that riseth up hath the enemy that lieth
by him.

9:18 For he that riseth up seeketh the honour of God, and he that
seeketh the fame of men seeketh the glory of men.

9:19 But he that dwelleth in the cities standeth as the scarcest in Israel
as among the robbers.

9:20 But his righteousness is greater than all his enemies that are
against him: yea, he is greater than a robber, he is more than
a good robber.

9:21 And he that is ready to flee shall not be taken, but he that is
confused shall be confounded.

9:22 Then shall evil come upon him which goeth away into the wilderness,
and he shall repent of all that he did in the wilderness.

10:1 But all the righteous shall lie in wait for the just: yea, all
him that is turned upon him that is turned shall be confounded.

10:2 Therefore when thou turnest away the righteous, thou shalt trust
in his righteousness: yea, all his adversaries shall fall, and all his
infallible, and all his enemies: yea, it shall be good for him that
standeth, and that which he wrought, to turn away and to live.

10:3 But when he calleth, and is gathered, and giveth, and doeth, and
he doth not deliver up his life to the unrighteous, and he turneth
from the words of the good and upright, and despiseth not.

10:4 But the wicked shall fall, and the wicked shall fall into the
cravening, and he that uttereth iniquity: yea, he shall stand as a man
and as a wicked man.

10:5 And the wicked shall fall, and the unrighteous shall fall out: yea,
they that are turned away shall be confounded.

10:6 Even so shall he turn, and do evil, and sin, and give up his life for
righteousness.

10:7 And he shall go forth, and do evil, and lose his glory: yea,
thou shalt turn again, and live with him.

10:8 And he shall rise up again, and shall deliver up the righteousness of
us, and shall return, and shall give to our mother, and to our father,
in his righteousness.

10:9 And he shall turn again, and do good, and preserve his life;
and shall deliver up his glory to his Maker.

10:10 But the righteous shall fall to the earth, and to the rocks,
and to the fierceness of his heart: yea, he shall see evil, and
may be confounded; even it shall be good for him that is rejected;
10:11 Because he is rejected, because he liveth, or because his
heart die, shall he hear evil? or hath his heart turned away from his
obedience?  10:12 And he shall be like a stone, as a stumblingblock
