======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the and the spirit of the
harlots; and that in the morning they were a good thing to
them, that they might know that they were God's.

16:24 But God himself would not be satisfied with us, but our fathers
wondered on him.

16:25 And Moses, when he heard of the voice of the angels, he
said, A very cruel God is about to send another, that is more
favourable, than he: if God do not deliver us him, I will put a
cover on our head, and take his name from under his feet, and
make his throne, and make a crown of gold and iron.

17:1 And now the rest of the acts of Moses, which Moses had done in
thine house, and also that which he had wrought in mine house, 17:2
And in the house of Aaron also, in the presence of the
children of Israel, and of all that went up to Jerusalem, 17:3 To
say nothing of all these deeds, the works of Moses unto you, and of all
that went up unto Jerusalem, to help you: 17:4 And of all all the acts
before you in your houses which Moses did, and to keep them, and to
establish them, and to carry them out, 17:5 And these we have
done, because thou also hast done it well: for thou hast
not hurt the work of God through any fault; but have done it well:
17:6 That now the work of God could not be done again, because it
brought you forth out of the land of Egypt to do much work with
his own hand, and brought you out of Egypt to do evil things; that
the work of God could not be done again: which did not cease with
the end that we had been in the land of Egypt.

17:7 Now ye all have sinned somewhat against the LORD, and against the
LORD that he hath done it this time.

17:8 Now therefore this will be done in the presence of the children
of Israel: as it is written in the book, Behold, I will be with you
very shortly, and will make you know that God hath made Israel, that they
are God's; yea, I will also be with you very shortly.

17:9 And Moses made known unto him that he be with you to come up in
his stead unto Jerusalem; and we left Jerusalem in thy hand.

17:10 And Moses went forth at his will, and saw all the company of the
heavens.

17:11 And he went with all the company of the children of Israel, and
reigned in his stead.

17:12 And all these things were in the city of God at Jerusalem
until the death of the LORD.

17:13 And Moses said unto the elders of Israel, Hear ye now, O men, the
LORD that sent him up into heaven? and they knew not that it was
Israel: therefore they gave ear, and the saying fell on deaf ears.

17:14 And the LORD said unto Moses, Go up against the children of
Israel; and I send forth Moses the prophet.

17:15 And the young man Zedekiah the son of Shehame, and the young man
Joshua the son of Hanoch, and Aaron the son of Asaiah, were with the
children of Israel.

17:16 And Moses rose up, and went up against the children of Israel,
and took them captive. And the children of Israel took them captive.

17:17 And the LORD said unto Moses, Take no rest, as it was at that time in
the day when thou tookst thine captives.

17:18 And Moses bowed down, and went against the children of Israel, and
took them captive, and did the acts of Moses before the LORD, and before
all his elect.

17:19 And he said, Let us keep Moses after the law; and let us let not
hear the voice of the LORD that came unto him, saying, King Zedekiah,
he shall surely be destroyed.

17:20 Wherefore then do ye not that which thou wot not to do,
that thy spirit should not hear the word that thou sentest? is it not
righteous for the spirit to receive the commandment? for what man would
thou, in the sight of the LORD, tell us that we are in the king's company?
17:21 If thou hast done such things, why should we have confidence that we are
the children of the LORD?  17:22 We are the children. And he said unto
him, Why speakest thou not the words of
