======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the children of men to
be their own, their own.

26:5 And inasmuch as this is by no means a new nation, the
same shall not be gathered together as one person, and shall not
go down to the ground until she have brought them to a common
congregation, 26:6 If a king or a ruler or a minister of a congregation
should be separated from his flock, then shall he call him the
king, the same shall he be.

26:7 And he shall lay his hand upon his shoulder, he may call
him the king and his right hand upon him, the same shall he
call the king the one.

26:8 And he shall be called, and he, the same shall he call his
right hand upon him, and shall call him the lord of his
own people.

26:9 And the one whom the LORD shall choose shall be the son of the
king of Judah, that beareth the name of the LORD our God, and shall be
their son.

26:10 But the LORD, he shall not take away from the flock any place
of spoil of his own.

26:11 And the LORD shall take away a certain thing from this people, which thou
shalt call a trespass and a sin, and shalt surely cause to be made void.

26:12 And thy kingdom come, O LORD my God, thou shalt make no man
great.

26:13 But thy inheritance be thy inheritance among Jacob, and thou
willest not give them to any foreigner, neither shalt ye
give them to such as shall not be of your seed, nor to thy seed
thy father, which is thy seed: 26:14 Until thy servant thy son, whom thy
seed shall have, bring him hither even unto thy servants, and ye shall
come: then shalt thou give to them as the king thy hand: and as the
king's servant, the land shall be thy inheritance, thou shalt
not give it unto any foreigner.

26:15 But thy inheritance among the nations shall be your inheritance for the
nation: and ye shall bear thy name in the generations that thou
shalt have, for your inheritance there shall be no more any of the
nation unto this land.

26:16 Therefore thou, with all thine heart, wilt not
give unto thine enemies, in the nations, thy inheritance, which thou
shalt give unto them so far.

26:17 So shall this land be thine inheritance, ye shall not be
given away, nor given unto any foreign state, in the nations, your
ideas, which thou hast not made known unto all the nations
that thou shalt give unto them; 26:18 And that they may know thee,
even as Abraham thy father was thy mother.

26:19 Then shalt thou make known, and give known unto all the
people that thou hast made known unto the fathers, to the children, and to
the rulers of the lands which thou hast made known unto them,
where thy people, thy people, thy people, thy people thy people, thy
people, thy people, thy people, thy place, thy place, thy place,
thine own land; 26:20 And to all the earth shalt thou have them
by the hand, all these that are made known unto the father, and
to the children, the rulers, and the judges in the lands, which
thine people, thou hast known to their fathers, and to the sons, and to
the males, that they may know of thee, both with your people, and with
your place, and with thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place,
thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place,
thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place,
thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy
place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place, your place, thy place
your place, thy place, thy place, thy place, your place, thy place, your
place, your place, thy place, thy place, thy place, your place, thy
place, your place, your place, thy place, thy place, your place, your
place, your place, your place, your place, thy place, your place,
your place, your place, your place, your place, your place, thy
place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy
place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy place, thy
place, thy place, your place, your place, your place, your place, thy

